The Florida Family Association is one of those
groups whose purpose can be entirely divined
from the words "family association". They're
the kind of folks who literally hire airplanes
to fly around Disney World and warn about
gay people. Yes, this actually happened. So
it comes as no surprise that they would take
issue with the ABC Family show Pretty Little
Liars. I don't know anything about this show,
but apparently some of the characters are
lesbians. And as the Florida Family Association
points out, sometimes they kiss each other!
And children might see this! How terrible!
According to the FFA, "ABC using salacious
and glamorizing scenes portraying young, pretty
women as lesbians sends the wrong message
to these young girls, a message that reinforces
and legitimizes this homosexual lifestyle
in a manner that could affect these young
girls' sexual identity for a lifetime." What,
are they afraid people are going to find out
that being a lesbian is just that awesome?
In response to this outrageous display of
lesbians kissing just like straight people
do all the time, the FFA has been urging businesses
to remove their ads from the program. This
week, a representative from General Mills
replied to say that they will no longer be
sponsoring the show. In other words, they
don't want to be associated with a show that
treats lesbians like people. This is explicitly
an attempt to suppress something so basic
as gay and lesbian visibility. It's a denial
of the reality that lesbians exist and have
relationships just like anyone else. And it
only serves to affirm that television, and
by extension, romance itself is a sacred hetero-only
zone. Not everyone is straight, you know.
But apparently General Mills would rather
not recognize that. So if you'd like to let
them know what you think about their concessions
to homophobia, you can email their consumer
services director. And until they reinstate
their ads, here's a list of General Mills
brands that we really have no reason to buy
anymore.